Given a command from the user, a voice assistant like Siri or Olly will first determine that the command is under which of the following predefined scenarios, and for each scenario, the user has which of the predefined intents.
An example of the scenario is Question Answering, and the possible intents of the user are about: currency, definition, stock, factoid, maths. Rest of the scenarios and intents are:
Email: query, query contact, send email, add contact
Takeaway: order, query
Lists: remove, create or add, query
Weather: query
Calendar: query, set, remove
Recommendation: events, locations, movies
Alarm: set, query, remove
General: quirky, joke, greet
Play: podcasts, music, audiobook, radio, game
Music: likeness, query, settings, dislikeness
IoT: cleaning, coffee, light change, light up, light dim, light on, light off, wemo on, wemo off
Social: post, query
Transport: traffic, taxi, query, ticket
Date/time: query, convert
News: query
Cooking: recipe, query
Audio: volume up, volume down, volume mute, volume other

Examples are:
1. “book a taxi to the airport for tomorrow morning”: the scenario and intent is “Transport: taxi”.
2. “if it's eight pm on the east coast what time is it in sacramento california”: the scenario and intent is “Date/time: convert”.
3. “open derek's contact information”: the scenario and intent is “Email: query contact”.
4. “bring up a recipe for turkey meatballs”: the scenario and intent is “Cooking: recipe”.
5. “start my robot vacuum cleaner”: the scenario and intent is “IoT: cleaning”.
6. “define the moon for me”: the scenario and intent is “Question Answering: definition”.
7. “i want to reply to jean's email”: the scenario and intent is “Email: send email”.
8. “what exhibits or shows are scheduled at the metropolitan theater”: the scenario and intent is “Recommendation: events”.
9. “nighttime mode”: the scenario and intent is “IoT: light dim”.
10. “turn on repeat”: the scenario and intent is “Music: settings”.
11. “olly i got into a wreck today”: the scenario and intent is “General: quirky”.
12. “where is denmark”: the scenario and intent is “Question Answering: factoid”.
13. “time to hear me some blake shelton”: the scenario and intent is “Play: music”.
14. “what time is it in dooa”: the scenario and intent is “Date/time: query”.
15. “please send me info on how to go about purchasing a train ticket to new york”: the scenario and intent is “Transport: query”.
16. “search for two tickets on tuesday's train to paris”: the scenario and intent is “Transport: ticket”.
17. “turn lights blue”: the scenario and intent is “IoT: light change”.
18. “when is taco bell going to arrive”: the scenario and intent is “Takeaway: query”.
19. “add pastries to the christmas list”: the scenario and intent is “Lists: create or add”.
20. “will i need sunblock this weekend”: the scenario and intent is “Weather: query”.
21. “set a reminder i need to wake up at five am every morning”: the scenario and intent is “Alarm: set”.
22. “i had a horrible service at olive garden i need to tweet them”: the scenario and intent is “Social: post”.
23. “please turn the volume to the loudest setting”: the scenario and intent is “Audio: volume up”.
24. “i want to find emails from bob with the subject that contains the word meeting”: the scenario and intent is “Email: query”.
25. “call pf chang's to order me egg foo young”: the scenario and intent is “Takeaway: order”.
26. “please delete list titled kickball”: the scenario and intent is “Lists: remove”.
27. “turn on the tv socket when i arrive home”: the scenario and intent is “IoT: wemo on”.
28. “what new movies available today”: the scenario and intent is “Recommendation: movies”.
29. “are there any accidents on the four hundred and five”: the scenario and intent is “Transport: traffic”.
30. “play the most current episode of levin”: the scenario and intent is “Play: podcasts”.
31. “%s”: the scenario and intent is “